The Linux Filesystem
Kali Linux adheres to the filesystem
hierarchy standard,
which provides a familiar and
universal layout for all Linux users.
The directories you will find most
useful are: /bin
which contains basic programs like
ls, cd, and cat.
/sbin which contains system
programs such as fdisk, mkfs, and sysctl
/etc which contains
configuration files
/tmp which contains temporary files
that are typically deleted on boot
/user/bin which contains
applications like apt, ncat, and nmap
and /user-slash-share
which contains application support
and data files
There are many other somewhat more
obscure directories,
which you’ll rarely need to explore,
but make sure you understand these
basics before continuing.